Add best practice example to subqueries in transactions with deadlocks section (#1301)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/subqueries/subqueries-in-transactions.adoc

+-------------------------------------------------+
----

However, deadlock resolution and retrying of transactions takes time, so the best practice is to avoid deadlocks in the first place.
This can be done by splitting up the subquery into a data-independent subquery that can be run in parallel with maximum concurrency,

> and a data-dependent subquery that is run serially to avoid deadlocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deadlock resolution and transaction retries are time-consuming, making deadlock avoidance a preferred strategy.
This can be achieved by dividing a task into two distinct subqueries: a data-independent subquery run in parallel with maximum concurrency, and a data-dependent subquery executed serially (i.e.  one transaction at a time) to avoid deadlocks.
```

In this example nodes and properties are created in a concurrent subquery, while the relationships are then created in a serial subquery.

> This way we can benefit from the performance of concurrent transactions while avoiding the deadlocks that slow down the overall performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the below example, nodes and properties are created in a concurrent subquery, while the relationships connecting those nodes are created in a serial subquery.
This method benefits from the performance of concurrent transactions while avoiding deadlocks.
```

> .Query splitting up the transactional subquery in a data-independent concurrent subquery followed by a data-dependent serial subquery to avoid deadlocks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Avoiding deadlocks by dividing an import task into a data-independent concurrent subquery followed by a data-dependent serial subquery
// tag::subqueries_in_transactions_deadlock_example_2[]
```

// tag::subqueries_in_transactions_deadlock_example_2[]
[source, cypher]
----

> LOAD CSV WITH HEADERS FROM 'https://data.neo4j.com/importing-cypher/movies.csv' AS row
> CALL (row) {
>    MERGE (m:Movie {movieId: row.movieId})
>    MERGE (y:Year {year: row.year})
>    RETURN m, y
> } IN CONCURRENT TRANSACTIONS OF 10 ROWS ON ERROR RETRY FOR 3 SECONDS THEN CONTINUE REPORT STATUS AS nodeStatus
> CALL (m, y) {
>    MERGE (m)-[r:RELEASED_IN]->(y)
> } IN TRANSACTIONS OF 10 ROWS ON ERROR RETRY FOR 3 SECONDS THEN CONTINUE REPORT STATUS AS relationshipStatus
> RETURN nodeStatus.transactionID as nodeTransaction, nodeStatus.committed AS successfulNodeTransaction,
>        relationshipStatus.transactionID as relationshipTransaction, relationshipStatus.committed AS successfulRelationshipTransaction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LOAD CSV WITH HEADERS FROM 'https://data.neo4j.com/importing-cypher/movies.csv' AS row
CALL (row) {
   MERGE (m:Movie {movieId: row.movieId})
   MERGE (y:Year {year: row.year})
   RETURN m, y
} IN CONCURRENT TRANSACTIONS OF 10 ROWS ON ERROR RETRY FOR 3 SECONDS THEN CONTINUE REPORT STATUS AS nodeStatus
CALL (m, y) {
   MERGE (m)-[r:RELEASED_IN]->(y)
} IN TRANSACTIONS OF 10 ROWS ON ERROR RETRY FOR 3 SECONDS THEN CONTINUE REPORT STATUS AS relationshipStatus
RETURN nodeStatus.transactionID as nodeTransaction,
       nodeStatus.committed AS successfulNodeTransaction,
       relationshipStatus.transactionID as relationshipTransaction,
       relationshipStatus.committed AS successfulRelationshipTransaction
```

Reviewer: When I run this query, I get `null` for `nodeTransaction` and `relationshipTransaction` - is that expected?

Author: @JPryce-Aklundh Good catch! There seem to be a typo in the query from ON ERROR RETRY that I copied 

The status map property should be `transactionId` and _not_ `transactionID` with a capital D.
